Fireeye include riskware (#40039)
demisto/content: Packs/FireEyeCM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_27.md

#### Integrations

##### FireEye Central Management

> - fixed an issue on *fireeye-cm-get-alerts* command and the fetch incidents does not return alerts of type *riskware-object*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **fireeye-cm-get-alerts** and <~XSOAR>**fetch incidents**</~XSOAR><~XSIAM>**fetch alerts**</~XSIAM>  commands did not return alerts of type *riskware-object*.
```

Please adjust the 2nd rn too
